# markov-generated-hello-internet
An implementation of a Markov chain to produce sentences that approximate conversation in the podcast Hello Internet, featuring CGP Grey and Brady Haran.

## How to use ##

Just run `markov.py`. The hyperparameter `trigram_threshold` is used to balance the use of a trigram-based Markov chain over a bigram-based Markov chain. Higher thresholds (closer to 1) result in more novel (but often less sensesible) text, while lower thresholds (closer to 0) result in text that sticks more closely to the corpus. Note that the corpus is a cleaned version of computer-transcribed transcripts of the first 100 episodes, which can be found [here](http://podcastsearch.david-smith.org/shows/6).

## Sample text (trigram_threshold=0.4) ##

So confusing you're going to go and light years further away or closer than each other in london if I then rewire them the way that bureaucracy and government organizations sterilize language and you may think this is the thing where I was playing with a black dog and I'm like a turn to the person the correct answers to buy an apartment on their own here and that's why when she first picked up all these other people kind of feel like we're pretty much coming to the machine to not attempt to reach comfortably with one of the way I could do. But surely other people must know that by the time well greyhounds have been certain enough to bet on it and invest reasonable amounts of money from that but then the other day I was just about to say and not even you don't even know where my phone is already this incredibly dominant feature of life and legacy and what I know of humans it did become a bit threatening about it too much but hopefully that will be with my wife really liked the character of mark what me had which to me just like screams half assed sadness that somebody just like through this very confusion for a year ago and once again that's back plz dot com slash hello internet that's how we tried to a recount again no but I'm visiting somebody else's house it's mine and. I don't know how it got the name so it's really really a trick question I have for this well I don't know it sounds like just the way it feels to me like I want inspiration I can never remember which one it is hard to find and suggest unusually large toys for you to brad. I can get behind that there's definitely going to back. Every time I just wanted to be different and I have a lot of tweets and a mouse are probably that john nationals wife had been killed in a car and I have to say. And everyone's gonna be meeting medals soon yeah now when you're telling your story of d g p. Gray is the guy I bought myself but I think I hate it seems like it might be the ones who are perhaps unaware that the side that there that doesn't. So I went to this everyone is still saying the same table. Sure I can I can go see this I think the guy organizing the party photo would be a bit distracted. I feel a bit cringey that I'm going to say to keep going in the solar eclipse that just happened but I haven't tested on android I have been asking about it apparently his quote was why I absolutely love. They announced that they possibly like this there's only subtext in that seems pretty fundamental part of the reason that I've never quite put my finger on it and you're also doing that if they are both a very high positive number and get in the wrong side of as well. So there is a robot you've made her sexual on purpose you don't maybe this is asked a few. And there was no wind and if I can also say that I could send it to hundreds and hundreds of years and that that I do want that I've been aware but I you know if everyone thinks the film started out strong and flag flag as you can see that the drivers also rate you I am welcoming you to the world to be a big part of it in a way that their friends and doing these things will be just absolutely terrible but I start to put the idea that oh yes of course like pete was a somewhat controversial outside of the movie is telling me that data is useless because we just go right. And I mean I'd never admit value with day but no nuance to that. I was accepted to it some question like that I too have gotten to the same time. Now when christmas is a sense of humor was along those lines and it seems to want to score a point I just think if it's if it if it was shaped the whole point. Whenever I go to the polls because aren't we great and we're going to look right there's a video and of course we know and I'm even more massive thank you to square space has been very consistently transitioning from some cab company that they work. I bet you have a content id system like that. Probably not. It's nine think really is just a case of fire that you know you're not actually looking at going on so I'm going to kiss the author as creator of problems for people like now you've taken you've taken a whole bunch of google. Oh yeah yeah that was it. Like you could always do something also with many passport checks. I don't know how many kids I actually first had my apple decision and the other in any way whatsoever I have to load all of this argument about how booklet changed their life or made a mistake and took the paper two different angles just as much of the just the lengthwise part so I'm not going to tell is no solution for this and I found that quite frustrating there have been a good streak for us. You know very well every single video. Ask this was a call like some stupid reason I think for people listening might be the one that I thought man that knows me it noise that may apparently there are there are new so we have everything set up in the last ten minutes but I think I think it's your reason I appreciate that I'm just trying to move on forever.